Adding Soroban to Stellar Fundamentals (#269)
stellar/stellar-docs: docs/fundamentals-and-concepts/stellar-data-structures/assets.mdx

Assets on Stellar have two identifying characteristics: the asset code and the issuer. Since more than one organization can issue a credit representing the same asset, asset codes often overlap (for example, multiple companies offer a USD token on Stellar). Assets are uniquely identified by the combination of their asset code and issuer.

> Stellar assets differ from smart contract tokens, which you can read about in the [Tokens section](https://soroban.stellar.org/docs/reference/interfaces/token-interface) in the Soroban docs.

Reviewer: Possible to add something here about how Stellar assets can be used in smart contracts, and how that's a recommended approach?  Right now, a reader might just jump to the token interface, when they probably want to keep reading to find the SAC.  "...however, it is possible, and even recommended in most cases, to wrap a Stellar asset using the Stellar Asset Contract for use in smart contracts rather than creating a Soroban token."

The public key of the issuing account is linked on the ledger to the asset. Responsibility for and control over an asset resides with the issuing account. Since settings are stored at the account level on the ledger, the issuing account is where you use set_options operations to link to meta-information about an asset and set authorization flags.

## Wrapping Stellar assets

> Assets issued on the Stellar network can be used in smart contracts with the Stellar Asset Contract (SAC), which is an implementation of [CAP-46-6: Smart Contract Standardized Asset](https://github.com/stellar/stellar-protocol/blob/master/core/cap-0046-06.md). The SAC allows users to use their Stellar account and trustline balances in Soroban and is a primary place where smart contracts interact with the Stellar network.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Assets issued on the Stellar network can be used in smart contracts with the Stellar Asset Contract (SAC), which is an implementation of [CAP-46-6: Smart Contract Standardized Asset](https://github.com/stellar/stellar-protocol/blob/master/core/cap-0046-06.md). The SAC allows users to use their Stellar account and trustline balances in Soroban and is a primary intersection where smart contracts interact with the rest of the Stellar network.
```
